README.md, before:

# <div align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Baalavignesh Arunachalam</div>

<div align="center">
  <h3>Software Engineer | Cloud Architect | Full Stack Developer</h3>
  <p>Passionate about building scalable applications and cloud architecture</p>
  <p align="center">
    <img src="images/verified.png" alt="Verified" width="16" height="16" style="vertical-align: bottom;"/> Portfolio: <a href="https://www.baalavignesh.com">baalavignesh.com</a> 
  </p>
</div>

---

### 🏆 Certifications
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/5396b331-4edb-4df4-8707-622d17e417d9/public_url">
    <img src="images/ckad.png" alt="CKAD - Certified Kubernetes Application Developer" height="200px" width="200px"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/60a34dc7-0735-41fb-b92c-930fc9922bae/public_url">
    <img src="images/solutions-architect.png" alt="AWS Solutions Architect" height="200px" width="200px"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/ff42c6c7-1d83-4609-b678-c695ed78667a/public_url">
    <img src="images/terraform.png" alt="Terraform Associate" height="200px" width="200px"/>
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/1e437970-3a19-47c8-955e-ccd11a9974cd/public_url">
    <img src="images/practitioner.png" alt="AWS Cloud Practitioner" height="200px" width="200px"/>
  </a>
</p>

---

### 🏅 Hackathon Achievements

- **Best Prototype Award** @ Story3 HackerEarth
  - Project: NewEnd - GenMode
  - AI-driven storytelling platform with dynamic narrative branches

- **Honorable Mentions** @ DataPalooza
  - Project: HealthHub
  - Healthcare appointment and community health alert platform

---

### 🛠 Tech Stack

#### Languages & Frameworks
<p align="left">
  <img src="images/react.png" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/python.svg" alt="Python" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/ts.png" alt="TypeScript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/js.png" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/angular.png" alt="Angular" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/fastapi.svg" alt="FastAPI" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/net.svg" alt=".NET" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/flutter.svg" alt="Flutter" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

#### Cloud & DevOps
<p align="left">
  <img src="images/aws.svg" alt="AWS" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/terraform.svg" alt="Terraform" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/docker.png" alt="Docker" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/azure.svg" alt="Azure" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/git.png" alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/kubernetes.svg" alt="Kubernetes" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

#### Databases & Tools
<p align="left">
  <img src="images/mysql.svg" alt="MySQL" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/mongo.svg" alt="MongoDB" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/postgresql.png" alt="PostgreSQL" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/firebase.svg" alt="Firebase" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/node.svg" alt="Node.js" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/redux.svg" alt="Redux" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/postman.png" alt="Postman" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

---

### 💼 Work Experience

- **Software Engineer** @ [Motate](https://motate.io/) _(May 2024 - Present)_
  - Building serverless multilingual content platform using AWS Lambda/API Gateway
  - Implementing Terraform/GitHub Actions for AWS environments
  - Optimizing DynamoDB schemas with secondary indexes

- **Associate Engineer** @ [Presidio](https://www.presidio.com/) _(Sep 2023 - Jul 2024)_
  - Developed internal learning platforms and retro tools using React and AWS
  - Worked on WebRTC, CI/CD pipeline design, and mobile app development
  - Gained expertise in Azure, DevOps, Flutter, Kotlin, AWS, and React Native

- **Software Engineer Intern** @ [Toast](https://pos.toasttab.com/) _(Jun 2022 - Jul 2022)_
  - Developed full-stack application using React and AWS services
  - Implemented API Gateway, Lambda, and DynamoDB architecture
  - Optimized frontend and backend components for performance

---
<br>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=baalavignesh&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact&theme=dark" alt="baalavignesh" />
</p>

---
<br>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=baalavignesh&theme=dark" alt="baalavignesh's streak" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Baalavignesh&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="baalavignesh" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Baalavignesh?label=Followers&style=social" alt="followers" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Baalavignesh?label=Stars&style=social" alt="stars" />
</p>

Commit message:

Add Graduate Research Assistant role to README.md, detailing responsibilities in modeling competition scenarios and presenting insights for MBA curriculum research.

README.md, after:

# <div align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Baalavignesh Arunachalam</div>

<div align="center">
  <h3>Software Engineer | Cloud Architect | Full Stack Developer</h3>
  <p>Passionate about building scalable applications and cloud architecture</p>
  <p align="center">
    <img src="images/verified.png" alt="Verified" width="16" height="16" style="vertical-align: bottom;"/> Portfolio: <a href="https://www.baalavignesh.com">baalavignesh.com</a> 
  </p>
</div>

---

### 🏆 Certifications
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/5396b331-4edb-4df4-8707-622d17e417d9/public_url">
    <img src="images/ckad.png" alt="CKAD - Certified Kubernetes Application Developer" height="200px" width="200px"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/60a34dc7-0735-41fb-b92c-930fc9922bae/public_url">
    <img src="images/solutions-architect.png" alt="AWS Solutions Architect" height="200px" width="200px"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/ff42c6c7-1d83-4609-b678-c695ed78667a/public_url">
    <img src="images/terraform.png" alt="Terraform Associate" height="200px" width="200px"/>
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/1e437970-3a19-47c8-955e-ccd11a9974cd/public_url">
    <img src="images/practitioner.png" alt="AWS Cloud Practitioner" height="200px" width="200px"/>
  </a>
</p>

---

### 🏅 Hackathon Achievements

- **Best Prototype Award** @ Story3 HackerEarth
  - Project: NewEnd - GenMode
  - AI-driven storytelling platform with dynamic narrative branches

- **Honorable Mentions** @ DataPalooza
  - Project: HealthHub
  - Healthcare appointment and community health alert platform

---

### 🛠 Tech Stack

#### Languages & Frameworks
<p align="left">
  <img src="images/react.png" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/python.svg" alt="Python" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/ts.png" alt="TypeScript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/js.png" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/angular.png" alt="Angular" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/fastapi.svg" alt="FastAPI" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/net.svg" alt=".NET" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/flutter.svg" alt="Flutter" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

#### Cloud & DevOps
<p align="left">
  <img src="images/aws.svg" alt="AWS" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/terraform.svg" alt="Terraform" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/docker.png" alt="Docker" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/azure.svg" alt="Azure" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/git.png" alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/kubernetes.svg" alt="Kubernetes" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

#### Databases & Tools
<p align="left">
  <img src="images/mysql.svg" alt="MySQL" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/mongo.svg" alt="MongoDB" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/postgresql.png" alt="PostgreSQL" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/firebase.svg" alt="Firebase" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/node.svg" alt="Node.js" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/redux.svg" alt="Redux" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="images/postman.png" alt="Postman" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

---

### 💼 Work Experience

- **Graduate Research Assistant** @ [George Mason University](https://www.gmu.edu/) _(Aug 2025 - Present)_
  - Modeling Bertrand competition scenarios with MARL simulations in Python and RLlib
  - Implementing Q-learning pipelines to study pricing strategy convergence and Nash equilibria
  - Presenting market dynamics insights for MBA analytics curriculum research

- **Software Engineer** @ [Motate](https://motate.io/) _(May 2024 - Present)_
  - Building serverless multilingual content platform using AWS Lambda/API Gateway
  - Implementing Terraform/GitHub Actions for AWS environments
  - Optimizing DynamoDB schemas with secondary indexes

- **Associate Engineer** @ [Presidio](https://www.presidio.com/) _(Sep 2023 - Jul 2024)_
  - Developed internal learning platforms and retro tools using React and AWS
  - Worked on WebRTC, CI/CD pipeline design, and mobile app development
  - Gained expertise in Azure, DevOps, Flutter, Kotlin, AWS, and React Native

- **Software Engineer Intern** @ [Toast](https://pos.toasttab.com/) _(Jun 2022 - Jul 2022)_
  - Developed full-stack application using React and AWS services
  - Implemented API Gateway, Lambda, and DynamoDB architecture
  - Optimized frontend and backend components for performance

---
<br>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=baalavignesh&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact&theme=dark" alt="baalavignesh" />
</p>

---
<br>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=baalavignesh&theme=dark" alt="baalavignesh's streak" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Baalavignesh&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="baalavignesh" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Baalavignesh?label=Followers&style=social" alt="followers" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Baalavignesh?label=Stars&style=social" alt="stars" />
</p>
